# CS-370
Current/Emerging Trends

# Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
This project is called Treasure Hunt Game Notebook, or pirate intelligent agent. While we were given majority of the code, I had to create my own Q-training algorithm. The use of Q-learning in this game is training an agent, which is also the pirate to the players, that will interact with its environment – the game boards maze. The agent will, then, complete actions. The actions in this game include left (0), up (1), right (2), and down (3). The agent will mostly learn by experience through exploitation. Although, the agent will sometimes also choose to explore the environment to find previously undiscovered paths. In this instance, the exploration factor is determined by the epsilon. The epsilon is set at 0.1, meaning for every ten attempts the agent will explore an undiscovered path one time and use exploitation nine times. For the code I created myself, I followed a pseudocode. To begin with, for each epoch, we had to randomly select a free cell. Once chosen, you must reset the maze with the agent (pirate) at that spot and observe. If the game is not over, you will randomly choose another action by exploration or exploitation (like stated above). Then you will store and remember each episode, or each step taken. Finally, you will train the neural network and determine the loss. Once it hits a 100% win rate, that will determine the epoch.

# Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
# What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
What don't they do? Computer scientists have a spot in mostly every career field out there; from working on data in a company, to providing security to a banks IoT, to working on advancing devices out and in-creation, and more. Without computer science, there are many things that would lack. If we take for example, creating stimulations. Stimulations allow scientists to get a feel of what may happen and what issues they may run into before they even create that object in the real world. This not only will save them time, but money as well.

# How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
Approaching a problem as a computer scientist will happen often - whether it is running into a small bug in your code or something bigger like dealing with a security breach. The best way to approach the problem is with an open mind, viewing all the information given, talk with your team (if given) about a game plan, and start fixing the most important issue first. 

# What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
As a computer scientist, you have many ethical responsibilities by following the ethical code. To the end user, you must be honest about what data you will be taking from them, what you plan to use it for, and give them an option to refuse before you take it. Furthermore, if you are not confident in what you have created being secure, you must disclose that to the organization if unable to fix. Overall, honesty and having good intentions for your creation (avoiding harm) will fall in line with your responsibilities are a computer scientist.
